dislike son
no time to waste them on the Death Watch
let the enemy is the net stop take a
bounty dost not cloudy based on your
brains Wrong don't doubt me with the
light from the life supply this game of
death you must die hey quick the world
is mine and the right this back said
we're under my wife back home side red
black white is all that is needed
delivering a beating
the previous time trying to you I get to
the freaking call me anything this man
we're eating my thang destruction of my
reason is the last you feel about you
figure don't you compare your chest
cavity split
i watch
be trusted interface busted the result
is a fatal concussion Morgan crushing
metal stripe rust and feedback jack is
on time for discussion strike that
busted man doors your flashes
of let's go i'm pushing your body in a
dress who will be the last man ask me
i'm a project while i'm bashing your
head in I'm time veterans I go get you
and me think you might go crazy anyway
schizo better yet insane numbers come
across dang preys on my friend $10,000
don't let me change don't stop the other
ice might lose him i love to a surgeon
that's my world I'm still here lurking
let's talk stay down he does not cloud
each a stronger your brains roll don't
tell me put your life on the line by
this game Adele you must drive big the
world is mine and the right this backs
every one of my life that goes like red
black light it's all that is needed the
littering a beating baseball the
previous time trying to hide actors the
freaking call me i need in this man
works feeding my appetite for
destruction my reason is the last you
feel about you figure don't you compare
your chest cavity split
Oh watch
you